c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe.config
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.pdb
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.exe
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.pdb
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\zturb\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe.config
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.exe
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Bot.pdb
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\eject\Downloads\bot\Bot\obj\Debug\Bot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
